here's your weekend tickets yes sir a
loving couple faces new threats in Fifty
Shades freed please stop speaking of my
husband as if I weren't here Anna you
may call me mrs. grey you ever just feel
like life is just pushing us towards
something based on a true story the 1517
to Paris follows the American soldiers
who discovered a terror plot on a train
I can't think of one thing that could
stop our fun in Peter Rabbit a new
farmer battles against rabbits tempted
by his vegetable garden his face was so
classic see what's hot in theaters with
this week's fantasy patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
you
[Music]